Remove SYS_PTRACE (#388)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Changed

> - Documentation does no longer say that `SYS_PTRACE` capabilty is needed. ([#388](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/388))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Documentation no longer says that `SYS_PTRACE` capabilty is needed. ([#388](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/388))
```

### Changed

- Fix bug in the `net/http` server instrumentation which always created a new span context. ([#266](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/266))
- Fix runtime panic if OTEL_GO_AUTO_TARGET_EXE is not set. ([#339](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/339))

> - Improve eBPF context propagation stability ([#368](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/pull/368))

Author: I also fixed the hyperlinks in https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-instrumentation/releases/tag/v0.7.0-alpha 😉
